1. The Vacuum shuts off after running for a few minutes

This is probably the most common problem we see with vacuums. It generally means the machine is overheating – and that in turn is likely to be because the airflow is blocked.

Before you panic, though, check your electrical supply – has the circuit breaker tripped, or is there a problem with the socket (try plugging in something else to check that it is working). If all seems well you can go back to looking at the vacuum cleaner; if the electrics look dodgy, call an electrician.

If the vacuum is still cutting out shortly after starting up, then you can try cleaning the filter (rinse under cold running water) which is probably clogged with dirt and debris. Make sure it is thoroughly cleaned and dried before you put it back together and try the vacuum again. If the vacuum continues to stop after starting (ie. overheating) call in a qualified repair technician to check it over. The problem could be caused by several things, such as a motor fault, defective switch, or damaged cable.

Tip: vacuums are dependent on a free airflow. Most problems arise because of a blockage – if not a dirty filter or cyclone unit, then something could be caught in the wand or the brush bar.
****


2. Poor Suction from your Vacuum
Once again, the lack of suction could be caused by a dirty filter or a blockage somewhere in the vacuum’s system. It could also be the result of the filter not being completely dry, so when you wash your filter make sure it is air dried for at least 24 hours before you replace it and use the vacuum.

Another cause of loss of suction power could also be a worn or broken seal around one of the connecting parts, meaning the machine will be sucking in air where it shouldn’t be, reducing the suction you get at the end of the wand or stick. A technician will be able to identify the source of the leak and replace the seal or gasket that is causing it.
****



3. The Vacuum battery won’t charge
If you have a cordless vacuum it will have a rechargeable lithium battery which charges on its docking station. A battery should last up to four years – though it may develop performance issues sooner than this depending on frequency of use and charging. 

While it is charging the will display a solid blue light – if the blue light flashes then it means it is not charging, and if there’s no light at all it means it has completed charging. 

If your vacuum won’t charge first check the obvious – is the charging station  plugged in correctly and turned on? Also check that the charging cable is not damaged – if it is, stop using it and get a new one. 

If you don’t have the docking station for your mounted on the wall this might affect the charging of the device. Dysons are designed to hang and charge in that position, to eliminate pressure on the charger cable. So you could try mounting the docking station as a solution.

Next, determine whether the battery casing is cracked or damaged – if it is the whole battery pack will need to be replaced.

Also check the machine thoroughly for blockages.

If all seems well but you aren’t getting charged up the battery might need replacing. You can order one directly from online and follow the instructions for replacing the battery which should be in your user manual. If you prefer, call a technician to do it for you.

Tip: It is recommended that you keep your cordless cleaner on permanent charge. It does the battery no harm – in fact is better for it – to keep it charging, and your machine is ready to use whenever you need it.
****



4. Vacuum brush bar not spinning
You really do need to have the brush bar (or beater bar) on your vacuum spinning for optimum cleaning performance, so as to dislodge the dirt from the carpets. If this isn’t happening it will impact on the operation and components of the whole vacuum cleaner, possibly causing overheating and motor damage. 

The reason for the brush bar to stop working is usually down to fur, hair and other fibres becoming entangled around the brush and clogging it up. Most vacuum cleaner models allow for the removal of the cleaner head, and the opening of the base, so that you can access the brush bar and gently remove whatever is entangled in it. If necessary, you can carefully cut away fibres with a pair of scissors.

Blockages further up the system – in the wand, bin or filter – might also cause the brushbar to struggle to spin, so check all these thoroughly.
****



5. How much should I fill my washing machine?
It's very tempting to pack your washing machine drum with as many laundry items as possible, but overloading your washing machine will not just severly reduce its washing performance, but it can also cause serious damage to your appliance. Listed below are the main reasons why overloading your washing machine will cause long-term damage:

Overloading the washing machine will cause the laundry to move around in one large mass, which means the clothing items will not move be able to move freely within the drum and the detergent will not be able to circulate effectively to remove dirt and stains.
Overloading also increases the pressure within the drum, especially when it is spinning at a high velocity. This could potentially cause damage to the drum bearings and worse still cause the glass door to shatter.
The clothes are forced up against the rubber door seal, and as the drum rotates it causes the clothes to rub up against it. This can lead to marks and even tears in your clothing.
****



6. How to load a washing machine
When filling up your washing machine drum, it is important to strike the right balance between filling up the drum with enough clothes for economical washing, and leaving enough of a gap at the top of the drum for an effective washing performance.

For the best washing results, there has to be enough water for the detergent to dissolve in and enough space for your clothes to move around. If you overload the drum, there will be less water available for the detergent to dissolve in as the clothes will soak this up. We therefore recommend that you leave a hands width gap at the top of the washing machine drum when loading. This roughly equates to filling 3/4 of the drum.

Remember not to under load the washing machine drum either, as this is uneconomical and it may result in a loud banging noise on the spin cycle due to an unbalanced load.
****



7. What washing machine capacity do I need?
The right washing machine size or capacity will be based on your specific needs, including your laundry requirements and the size of your space. 

The average washing machine capacity in Singapore is between 6 and 10 kg (load). They range from compact units to larger capacity units that can cater to families with four or more members. 

A 6-kg capacity washing machine can efficiently handle a laundry load for two people. As your family grows, the washer's capacity should also increase. However, it’s also good to gauge the size of your laundry space to make sure that your chosen washing machine size will fit your area.

When it comes to washing larger items like towels and bed sheets, choose a washing machine with a larger capacity, not only to fit the fabric but also to have a stronger motor for large laundry loads.
****



8. What is "fuzzy logic" in washing machines?
Fuzzy logic in fully automatic washing machines sensor the weight of the load and amount of dirt and grease to automatically determine the amount of water and detergent required for the specific load. This also ensures the even distribution of wash loads to avoid producing too much noise.
****




9. Why does my washing machine smell?
Nasty odours from washing machines can be caused by several factors, like mould buildup, mildew, or bacteria. 

As your washing machine cleans the dirt, grease, and smells from your clothes, these things build up inside your washer. Add the soap scum and dirty water that get trapped inside the washing machine—the perfect formula for nasty odours.

To remove this egg-like smell, thoroughly wash your washing machine, from the soap dispensers to every crack and crevice, to stop the mould, mildew, and bacteria buildup.
****



10 .Why is my washing machine vibrating harshly?
Washing machines are meant to vibrate and produce sounds when operating their wash and dry cycles. However, if the vibration is too much, it can be distracting and destructive to your appliance. 

If you notice that your washing machine is vibrating too much, check its position to make sure it is level on a flat surface.
****



11. What is the best way to clean a washing machine?
Your washing machine needs some washing too!

To effectively clean your washing machine and get rid of bacteria and odours, run an empty hot wash cycle with two cups of vinegar. This can prevent the growth of bacteria within your appliance while removing mould and mildew odours.

It’s also important to scrub the exterior of the appliance to remove dust and other stains that stick there. Use a toothbrush to reach every nook and cranny for a 360-degree cleaning.
****


12. Refund 
Our refund policy protects you for 30 days. If 30 days have passed since your purchase, we can’t offer you a full refund or exchange. The value refundable is 100% within 7 days of purchase, 50% within 15 days but beyond 7 days; and 30% if it's purchased for longer than 15 days. 

A refund ticket will be created once order information is reviewed and deemed entitled for refund. It will be processed once it's approved by a store manager.  

To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging.

Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer.
****


13. Warranty 
Each product has its own warranty period. While your purchased products are still within its own warranty period, you can purchase additional warranty of 12 months at the price of 30% of the list price.